c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\uchange.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\uchange.pdb
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\obj\Debug\uchange.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\obj\Debug\uchange.dll
c:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\uchange\uchange\obj\Debug\uchange.pdb
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\uchange.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\uchange.pdb
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\obj\Debug\uchange.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\obj\Debug\uchange.dll
C:\Users\yangsiyu\Documents\GitHub\UChange_asp_mvc\uchange\obj\Debug\uchange.pdb
